1. Both of the code review guidelines have a heavy focus on efficiency and transfer of knowledge. Meaning, both guidelines
cite that the purpose of code reviews is to improve upon efficiency and improve upon the knowledge of coworkers. In terms
of differences, Microsoft seems more focused on maintaining respect and relations between reviewer and reveiwee, while Yelp
does not mention these aspects. Additionally, Microsoft gives a template for how to leverage emojis for efficient code reviews,
while Yelp has no such system in place. The checklist for a review typically consists of "I do believe that my code is strong,
and I have already checked it for flaws" as well as "I am going to communicate what this code does, what is its purpose, I 
need this reviewed by <X> date". 

2.
Example of a good Review: https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/287914/partial-specialization-of-class-template-with-minimal-code-duplication
I found this review to be helpful as first the person asking asked a very specific question and provided sufficient source code. 
The person reviewing first started off by exaplining the overall change they would make and advice, they then broke it down into
3 manageable changes and things to look at, specifically, explaining how the user could simplify it. They then included a way in which
the user could rewrite their code which is very helpful. It is important to note that the user will not copy and paste but more
look at the code and see what changes they can implement to solve their issue. Overall this was a good code review. 

3.
Example of a bad review: https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/127180/finding-all-non-empty-directories-and-their-files-on-an-sftp-server-with-paramik
The second review provided a few changes to the original code that could help improve its performance. However, the reviewer did not use terminology that was
understandable to all readers. For instance, they used language that did not help visualize the changes they were suggesting. Furthermore, they focused on less
important parts of the original code and focused instead on naming, which is helpful but still does not answer the original question. 